Add more clarifying information to Timer invocation semantics (#30499)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/grains/timers-and-reminders.md

* When activation collection is enabled, the execution of a timer callback does not change the activation's state from idle to in-use. This means that a timer cannot be used to postpone the deactivation of otherwise idle activations.
* The period passed to `Grain.RegisterTimer` is the amount of time that passes from the moment the Task returned by `asyncCallback` is resolved to the moment that the next invocation of `asyncCallback` should occur. This not only makes it impossible for successive calls to `asyncCallback` to overlap, but also makes it so that the length of time `asyncCallback` takes to complete affects the frequency at which `asyncCallback` is invoked. This is an important deviation from the semantics of <xref:System.Threading.Timer?displayProperty=fullName>.

> * Each invocation of `asyncCallback` is delivered to an activation on a separate turn, and will never run concurrently with other turns on the same activation. Note however, `asyncCallback` invocations are not delivered as messages and are thus not subject to message interleaving semantics. This means that invocations of `asyncCallback` will behave as if the grain is reentrant and will execute concurrently with other grain requests. In order to leverage the grain's existing scheduling semantics, you can call a grain method to perform the work you would have done within `asyncCallback`. Another alternative is to use an `AsyncLock` or a [`SemaphoreSlim`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.threading.semaphoreslim). A more detailed explanation is available in [Orleans GitHub issue #2574](dotnet/orleans/issues/2574).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each invocation of `asyncCallback` is delivered to an activation on a separate turn, and will never run concurrently with other turns on the same activation. Note however, `asyncCallback` invocations are not delivered as messages and are thus not subject to message interleaving semantics. This means that invocations of `asyncCallback` will behave as if the grain is reentrant and will execute concurrently with other grain requests. In order to leverage the grain's existing scheduling semantics, you can call a grain method to perform the work you would have done within `asyncCallback`. Another alternative is to use an `AsyncLock` or a <xref:System.Threading.SemaphoreSlim>. A more detailed explanation is available in [Orleans GitHub issue #2574](dotnet/orleans/issues/2574).
```
